I want everyone to put their hands on
top of their head
da fans on top you idiot just relax just
stay calm
everything would be nice and smooth if
you just participating just relax okay
yeah all right now put your hands down
lieutenant don't be no hero perchance
down okay all right now cool
good I want you to run all that
financial aid yeah sucker put the
scholarships in the bag yeah yeah put
the scouts from Sinbad's yeah into here
yeah you you dare you over there go put
the Pell grants in the bag put the Pell
grants in there to gear you go yeah yeah
yeah you go over to that boat and go get
me know subsidized or unsubsidized loans
it in a game no more I know you're
hiding the money somewhere here when all
this tuition got me in my homies pan war
mother get gangster scholar up in hill
up in here I must go and W Amy's beastie
boys if I don't see the cash man cuz
we're not gonna take it oh he said I was
playing oh you thought this is a game
back up back up mind your business
that's all just mind your business we
think this is a game what huh you don't
even know me say something else Yuri
don't call me crazy
do not call Reeves tell him to call me
crazy before I go crazy I'm telling now
I'm about to go crazy bout to go to pop
duck life in your hair like iron the
killer book don't push me revenge is
like the sweetest joy oh I'm not to go
biggie smalls Brooklyn type hood like
Super Nintendo Sega Genesis could our
Father go Kate rs1 cuckoo cuckoo for
cocoa puffs like wow like what a dang
what a Dada dah dang
listen to my 9-millimeter go bank you
know what you are dumb you are really
dumb hide your kids hide your wife
because we getting financially all up
and in and around
you think this is a game you think I
want to be out here doing this you know
how hard it was to find these guns all
right I'm sorry you never sound I'm just
trying to get my education I mean I mean
trying to fight for the opportunity my
great-great-great-great friend for
great-grandfather died for you no I'm
saying you know how how my ancestors did
sit-ins just so I can sit in a classroom
you know these years all y'all been
doing is strangling the life out of my
bank statement leaving my pockets as
vacant as parking lots
professor Willie Lynch taught you well
huh keep the body take the money
force feed my people deception and
failure condition our brains to
malfunction at the sight of success just
keep the cycle going make us pay for an
education that will end up failing us
put us in debt so we're giving back the
money we earned from our back-breaking
work this seems all too familiar sounds
like the rust of shackles locking their
way on to my degree
sounds like the 13th amendment in
Reverse lecture hall shouldn't feel like
cotton fields shouldn't sound like
muffled freedom songs trapped in the
jaws of a generation rings a hole oh it
all makes sense give us enough to get by
but not enough to provide for ourselves
keep us psychologically feeble so we
lose our purpose in the process stop
thieving our aspirations out of our
sleep don't call it financial aid if
you're not helping anyone with it your
foot
we have fought way too hard to let green
paper build a barricade in front of our
futures I will not let you potentially
robbed food out of my children's stomach
best believe I'm going out blastin I
ain't no killer but don't push me I wish
and didn't come to this but I have to
for my cousin's in Haiti who don't even
know what a college looks like for my
best friend Raymond sitting in cell
block 9 instead of a university for the
nooses hanging my GPA by its neck
there's no other option there is no
other way just please put the money in
the back the money in the bag I just
want to go to school man so I get my
education I just want to learn I just
want to grow the money in the bag please
in the bag